doc(release) Release notes web 24.04.12 (#4246)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 24.04.12

Release date: `March 31, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Resource Status] Optimized search query.

</details>

> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [API] Fixed an issue on configuration generation if an host have been patched with API.
> - [Configuration] Fixed ACL check on the contact / user configuration page.
> - [Configuration] Fixed an issue on notification period field which was not saved in some cases.
> - [Custom Views] Fixed an issue preventing non admin users from seeing host groups in the Host group Monitoring widget and service groups in the Service group Monitoring widget.
> - [Downtimes] Fixed an issue on displaying the downtimes pages for users under ACLs.
> - [Downtimes] Fixed an issue where loading downtimes page resulted in gateway timeout error.
> - [Service groups] Fixed issue preventing non admin users from displaying Service Groups.
> - [Top counter] Fixed an issue where calls were performed even if user hadn't access.
> - [Web] Fixed an issue where some password managers were preventing users from accessing legacy pages.
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [API] Fixed an issue where the configuration couldn't be generated if a host had been patched using the API.
- [Configuration] Fixed ACL checks on contact/user configuration page.
- [Configuration] Fixed an issue where the notification period field was not saved in some cases.
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue preventing non admin users from seeing host groups in the Host group Monitoring widget and service groups in the Service group Monitoring widget.
- [Downtimes] Fixed an issue where non admin users could not display the downtimes page.
- [Downtimes] Fixed an issue where loading the downtimes page resulted in a gateway timeout error.
- [Service groups] Fixed an issue preventing non admin users from displaying Service Groups.
- [Top counter] Unnecessary calls are not longer performed when users do not have access to the Top Counter.
- [Web] Fixed an issue where some password managers were preventing users from accessing legacy pages.

</details>
```
